Add section in README describing workaround when using `dotenv_validator` with Docker (#51)
fastruby/dotenv_validator: README.md

In the above example, `\d{3}_\w{3}` is converted to a regexp and the value is checked against it.

## If you use Docker, read this

> Docker automatically reads `.env` files present in the project's root. What this means is that, if you use `dotenv_validator` in an app you run in a docker container, you might get exceptions or warnings about your variables being in the wrong format even though they're right. The reason is that Docker parses the `.env` file and sets the `ENV` variable, but it isn't as careful when dealing with comments present in the file and these might end up getting inserted into your environment variables, throwing off `dotenv_validator`.

Author: How about this version?

```suggestion
Docker automatically reads `.env` files present in the project's root. What this means is that, if you use `dotenv_validator` in an app you run in a docker container, you might get exceptions or warnings about your variables being in the wrong format even though they're right. The reason is that, when running `docker-compose up`, docker-compose parses the `.env` file before the Rails application starts. It reads each line as is with a really simple parser (no quotes, comments and trailing spaces handling).

Then, since docker-compose already set the environment variables, the Dotenv gem won't override them. It parses the file as we'd expect, but it won't change env variables that are already set.

For more information check this [page](https://docs.docker.com/compose/environment-variables/#set-environment-variables-in-containers) from their docs.
```

> Unfortunately, there is no way around this as of yet. So should you see any errors related to a wrong parsing of your `.env` file, the fix is to simply remove the validating comments from the file. **DO NOT** remove them from `.env.sample`, but make sure your `.env` (or whatever it is you named your env file) has none.

Reviewer: I would remove the `(or whatever it is you named your env file)`, the issue is present if the file is `.env` because docker-compose loads that automatically. Actually, a possible workaround maybe would be to use a different filename instead of `.env` so docker-compose don't read that by default

Naming the file `.env.local` or `.env.development` instead `.env` may work since docker-compose will probably ignore it but the Dotenv gem will understand it out of the box https://github.com/bkeepers/dotenv#what-other-env-files-can-i-use

Author: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, there is no way around this as of yet. So should you see any errors related to a wrong parsing of your `.env` file, the fix is to simply remove the validating comments from the file. **DO NOT** remove them from `.env.sample`, but make sure your `.env` has none.
```

In the above example, `\d{3}_\w{3}` is converted to a regexp and the value is checked against it.

## If you use Docker, read this

> Docker automatically reads `.env` files present in the project's root. What this means is that, if you use `dotenv_validator` in an app you run in a docker container, you might get exceptions or warnings about your variables being in the wrong format even though they're right. The reason is that, when running `docker-compose up`, docker-compose parses the `.env` file before the Rails application starts. It reads each line as is with a really simple parser (no quotes, comments and trailing spaces handling).

Reviewer: I wouldn't say `Docker reads ...` here, it's not Docker, but Docker Compose, and only when you run `docker-compose up` according to the docs. Since people can use docker without docker compose, and dunning `docker-compose run app /bin/bash` for example won't have this issue

Maybe say `If you use Docker Compose` in the title, and update the first sentence with something like `Docker Compose automatically reads `.env` files present in the project's root when running docker-compose up.`?

Author: How about this?

```suggestion
## If you use `docker-compose`, read this

Docker Compose automatically reads `.env` files present in the project's root when running `docker-compose up`. What this means is that, if you use `dotenv_validator` in an app you run using Docker Compose, you might get exceptions or warnings about your variables being in the wrong format even though they're right. The reason is that, when running `docker-compose up`, docker-compose parses the `.env` file before the Rails application starts. It reads each line as is with a really simple parser (no quotes, comments and trailing spaces handling).
```

Then, since `docker-compose` already set the environment variables, the Dotenv gem won't override them. It parses the file as we'd expect, but it won't change env variables that are already set.

For more information check this [page](https://docs.docker.com/compose/environment-variables/#set-environment-variables-in-containers) from their docs.

The workaround is to rename your `.env` file when using docker. [Here](https://github.com/bkeepers/dotenv#what-other-env-files-can-i-use) you'll find all naming options acceptable for dotenv and that Docker will not automatically parse.

If renaming is not an option, then you need to remove any comments or trailing whitespaces from your `.env` file:
```
SMTP_PORT="25"         #format=int
```
needs to become:
```

> SMTP_PORT="25"

Reviewer: one more small change, this should be `SMTP_PORT=25`, docker will think `"25"` is the string `\"25\"` (the quotes as part of the value) instead of the string `25` and that would also break the validation

The Dotenv behavior we rely on is that `"25"` is the string `25` (not including the quotes as part of the value)

> ```
> SMTP_PORT="25"         #format=int
> ```
> needs to become:
> ```
> SMTP_PORT="25"

Author: ```suggestion
```
SMTP_PORT=25         #format=int
```
needs to become:
```
SMTP_PORT=25
```
